What kind of memory ?
Abramov had a car accident in Moscow last night and was seriously injured .
Hello , dear viewers .
There will be 120 million viewers tuning in to this evening reception .
Sunday the interview with Bob Shapiro /.
Well it has happened again /.
Yes they did /.
Tonight the legendary Mike Wallace /.
For democracy in the middle east /.
Homeland security inspector General Clark Kent Irven and former active director of the CIA John McGlaughlin /.
Journalists sources and jail /.
He was charged with public intoxication and resisting arrest /.
If they decide to make it a centerpiece we 'll know it when we see it /.
The move comes a month before the Senate is scheduled to hold confirmation hearings on President Bush 's Supreme Court nominee John Roberts /.
Both vehicles which are armored can house up to twenty five marines /.
From NBC news in Washington this is Meet the Press with Jim Russert /.
do n't /.
Joining us live from Jeddah is Doctor Zuhair Al - Harithy , the writer and researcher on political issues .
Welcome , dear viewers .
Mr. Abdel - Hussein , I mean , today , after the bombing that occurred at Al - Tayaran Square leaving dozens of innocent civilians victims , I mean , Mr. Al - Maliki issued a statement and said that the terrorists and the Takfiris and their Saddamist allies are behind this crime and most of the crimes that take place , which target Iraqi citizens daily in the capital and the other governorates .
Yes , allow me to go back to Dr. Saged Hamid .
And to the slip of the tongue that was made by Ehud Olmert , in which he admitted that the Israeli entity has nuclear weapons .
Following the loss of the Republican Party led by US President George Bush in the midterm congressional elections , which were considered a referendum on US involvement in Iraq , came the Study Group report on US policy options in Iraq , which is co-chaired by former Secretary of State James Baker , a Republican , and former Congressman Lee Hamilton , a Democrat .
The timeframe the army in Fiji has set for the government to respond to its demands ended without any incidents worth mentioning .
Haj Hussein Al - Khalil , Political Assistant to the Hezbollah Secretary General , revealed during a special interview with Al - Alam Channel that Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora demanded from Hezbollah to hand over its weapons , and that was at the time of the last Israeli aggression on Lebanon , or else the Cabinet would have to issue its orders to the security forces to seize the party 's weapons .
Nihad Abu Ghosh , welcome to you .
On the phone from Sofia , author and political analyst , Ahmed Karim .
Okay , Mr. Demis from Portland , do you share Mr. Vegan Zino 's opinion ?
And joining us from Tripoli Libya is our correspondent Khaled El - Deeb .
With me from Mogadishu is our correspondent Fahd Yassin .
Yasser , some people might put forward a question , which I do n't want you to analyze , but some people might say that Jordan does not go far in this mediation because it 's seen as backing one side and not the other while there has been a misunderstanding regarding Haniya 's latest visit which was to be to Jordan .
Joining us from Gaza is Nemer Hammad , the Palestinian President 's Political Affairs Advisor .
Joining us from Paris is Abdul Amir Al - Rekaby , the secretary general of the Iraqi National Democratic Current .
Dear viewers , after viewing this report by our correspondent in Paris Saad Al - Massoudi , it is my pleasure to welcome my guest from inside the studios of Alarabiya .
I mean , this article reminds me also , doctor , of one of the articles that was mentioned with us in the program , I mean , uh , where it indicated that dividing the region after the Second World War was not successful .
We return again , our viewers , to our guest on today 's episode , Dr. Khattar Abu Diab .
A representative in the Iraqi Parliament and a leader in the al - Sadr current , Mr. Salam .
How accurate is the revelation of armed groups leaders or gunmen who direct armed activity in Iraq from neighboring countries ?
Tell me your opinion on the Baker - Hamilton committee recommendations ?
Mr. Azzam , to begin with , could you guide us , if possible , to a clear and numbered provision in the constitution that allows President Abbas to call for these early elections ?
And our guest , Azam al - Ahmed , Chairman of the Fatah Movement Parliament Bloc .
