What kind of memory ?
Abramov had a car accident in Moscow last night and was seriously injured .
Hello , dear viewers .
There will be 120 million viewers tuning in to this evening reception .
Sunday the interview with Bob Shapiro /.
Well it has happened again /.
Yes they did /.
Tonight the legendary Mike Wallace /.
For democracy in the middle east /.
Homeland security inspector General Clark Kent Irven and former active director of the CIA John McGlaughlin /.
Journalists sources and jail /.
He was charged with public intoxication and resisting arrest /.
If they decide to make it a centerpiece we 'll know it when we see it /.
The move comes a month before the Senate is scheduled to hold confirmation hearings on President Bush 's Supreme Court nominee John Roberts /.
Both vehicles which are armored can house up to twenty five marines /.
From NBC news in Washington this is Meet the Press with Jim Russert /.
do n't /.
Joining us live from Jeddah is Doctor Zuhair Al - Harithy , the writer and researcher on political issues .
Welcome , dear viewers .
Mr. Abdel - Hussein , I mean , today , after the bombing that occurred at Al - Tayaran Square leaving dozens of innocent civilians victims , I mean , Mr. Al - Maliki issued a statement and said that the terrorists and the Takfiris and their Saddamist allies are behind this crime and most of the crimes that take place , which target Iraqi citizens daily in the capital and the other governorates .
Yes , allow me to go back to Dr. Saged Hamid .
And to the slip of the tongue that was made by Ehud Olmert , in which he admitted that the Israeli entity has nuclear weapons .
Following the loss of the Republican Party led by US President George Bush in the midterm congressional elections , which were considered a referendum on US involvement in Iraq , came the Study Group report on US policy options in Iraq , which is co-chaired by former Secretary of State James Baker , a Republican , and former Congressman Lee Hamilton , a Democrat .
The timeframe the army in Fiji has set for the government to respond to its demands ended without any incidents worth mentioning .
Haj Hussein Al - Khalil , Political Assistant to the Hezbollah Secretary General , revealed during a special interview with Al - Alam Channel that Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora demanded from Hezbollah to hand over its weapons , and that was at the time of the last Israeli aggression on Lebanon , or else the Cabinet would have to issue its orders to the security forces to seize the party 's weapons .
Nihad Abu Ghosh , welcome to you .
On the phone from Sofia , author and political analyst , Ahmed Karim .
Okay , Mr. Demis from Portland , do you share Mr. Vegan Zino 's opinion ?
And joining us from Tripoli Libya is our correspondent Khaled El - Deeb .
With me from Mogadishu is our correspondent Fahd Yassin .
Yasser , some people might put forward a question , which I do n't want you to analyze , but some people might say that Jordan does not go far in this mediation because it 's seen as backing one side and not the other while there has been a misunderstanding regarding Haniya 's latest visit which was to be to Jordan .
Joining us from Gaza is Nemer Hammad , the Palestinian President 's Political Affairs Advisor .
Joining us from Paris is Abdul Amir Al - Rekaby , the secretary general of the Iraqi National Democratic Current .
Dear viewers , after viewing this report by our correspondent in Paris Saad Al - Massoudi , it is my pleasure to welcome my guest from inside the studios of Alarabiya .
I mean , this article reminds me also , doctor , of one of the articles that was mentioned with us in the program , I mean , uh , where it indicated that dividing the region after the Second World War was not successful .
We return again , our viewers , to our guest on today 's episode , Dr. Khattar Abu Diab .
A representative in the Iraqi Parliament and a leader in the al - Sadr current , Mr. Salam .
How accurate is the revelation of armed groups leaders or gunmen who direct armed activity in Iraq from neighboring countries ?
Tell me your opinion on the Baker - Hamilton committee recommendations ?
Mr. Azzam , to begin with , could you guide us , if possible , to a clear and numbered provision in the constitution that allows President Abbas to call for these early elections ?
And our guest , Azam al - Ahmed , Chairman of the Fatah Movement Parliament Bloc .
The Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency , which includes 35 countries , is meeting today , with the full board in attendance , to examine the Iranian request for help in the nuclear project as one application of a recommendation presented at a meeting of the Technical Affairs Committee of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the head of the Agency .
Results of the first round of legislative elections , which were held last Sunday in Mauritania , and which are considered the first after the peaceful coup that took place last year , revealed the victory of the opposition alliance by twenty - six seats out of forty - three seats in the parliament , that were decided in the first round .
I begin with Mr. Mohammed Al - Dini ; he is with us live from Amman .
Well , the latest information is that there is a problem in the area of Arab Al - Barbir neighborhood , uh , about 50 people entered the area who were apparently returning from the sit - in or going to it , to the neighborhood .
The twenty - fifth of January is the initial date for holding the Arab and international conference for the support of Lebanon , or Paris Three ; and the preparations , according to the Minister of Finance , Jihad Azour , are still underway in spite of what is going on in the street .
Doctor Imad , I mean , until when do you expect , I mean , I mean , the lack of stability in the Palestinian matter ?
The Rams Road is considered one of the tourist landmarks in the city of Luxor which is frequented by tourists from various nationalities to learn about Egyptian civilization dating back thousands of years .
At the beginning of this episode , we welcome Dr. Faiz Ezz Eddine , political writer and researcher .
Let me shift to Beirut , to Mr. Fayyad Habib .
Who is it that today wants to blow things up in Lebanon , Doctor ?
I will come back once more uh , to listen to , uh , Mr. Elie Ferzli and uh , he is with us again .
Mr. Ronnie Alfa , well , despite all that went on in Lebanon today , there is still some hope pinned , in some way or another , on Speaker Nabih Berri to play a certain role towards resolution , towards returning to the discussion table , and so forth .
Well , why is this issue of impoverished students so prominent now .
And what type of solutions do we have for problems of the type you just talked about .
Teacher Wang , during the reporter 's interview , Mr. Pan repeatedly mentioned there is a priority purchase right .
Starting from 2006 and up until the present , no less than ten similar incidents have been reported in the media .
In terms of the addiction of young people to the Internet , it has not been a matter of just one or two days that we talked about it .
A moment ago , looking at the experience of our reporter , I was thinking that if now I was the family member of a sufferer and the sufferer 's symptoms were also very critical , for example , something like heart disease , ah , the kind of illness where you are racing against the clock , well , the process of waiting for that voice prompt would definitely be too tortuous .
So , just now these two , eh , were analyzing these , ah , four Kidd class warships from different angles , some intrinsic problems that exist with them and the effectiveness they are able to achieve in terms of their military capabilities .
Well , I want to ask , this , Professor Yang , what do you think , um , they could do to guarantee that the Kidd - class battleship is not sunk during the process of an exercise .
Next , uh , let 's direct our attention to the change from the Self Defense Forces to the Self - Defense Military .
But this report , other than the ten people doing the investigation , do you feel that the report is a sufficient reflection of the current Iraq situation .
Well , five years having passed , how do you two experts appraise our , um , Chinese companies and foreign companies at present .
Okay , let 's begin again with South Korea .
Professor Gao , Japan seems to still insist on having talks on the hostage abduction issue , does n't it .
That commitment -- whatever should be committed has all been committed .
So when we look back again now , there is a huge difference between the current negotiations and the past negotiations .
Well , during the live news interview with Professor Ruan just now , I heard you say that the focuses of the U.S. and North Korea do not seem to be in sync right now .
Er , have you been to an auto show .
You just said that when you went to see a car show , you first look at enterprises .
In this way , through this auto show , can you also just offer us a vision , for example , which other areas should be given attention and which areas should be strengthened , for future development of our , um , own brands and own technologies .
Let me ask you , are the current costs of our Beijing - manufactured Hyundais lower than the ones manufactured in South Korea .
It 's that your , this , assessment is clearly more confident than mine and also a lot more optimistic , uh .
But now , as for the various companies , they are competing against each other , ah , and it is really intense .
As a section of the Beijing car industry like this , what movement will there be in terms of independent development and independent brands in the future .
Well , this time , I think there were a few prominent features , uh , about new technologies .
Today since we came we 've been talking about this phrase domestic brand , ah , but what exactly does it mean .
In addition , we also heard some , er , rumors , ah , that is to say , er , that now Chery is also talking with other brand makers on joint venture or collaboration .
Since the ability of criminals to avoid detection is so strong , what methods have you come up with to counter them when working a case .
Just now we were primarily talking about those produced by counterfeiting , but which are the channels in which such vehicle license plates were generally stolen .
What kind of penalties ought to be given for making and selling , er , fake vehicle license plates and for using fake vehicle license plates .
Commissioner Li said , ah , just now that all large trucks over ten tons to a very large degree could be fake military vehicles .
In particular , we discovered some law breakers were purposely driving military vehicles , using military vehicles as a cover , ah , for committing serious criminal offenses .
So what is the ultimate that can be done to apprehend bicycle thieves .
Um , well , initially how did you get the feeling that it would be really hard to get a deposition .
This thing itself is now called the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor .
If this current plan is followed , especially until around the year 2050 , and this use of this , er , technique can be globally commercialized . What does it mean for mankind .
You just talked about this , well , we are talking about this reason , ah .
Hello audience , now is the time for independent commentary .
As for China 's , this , exports , ah , in fact , the situation is also extremely bad .
Among these programs , what do you appreciate most .
This morning , only Chen Guangfu , Chen Guangcheng 's eldest brother , went into the court to attend the reading of the verdict .
Ah , what a gratifying event !
But , uh , I have a , eh , grievance toward the Internet , or let 's say that , I , the wit 's end of a lot of the people working in the media industry recently .
Have you sent it .
You 'll take the university - entrance exam in three years .
Er , just said that science subjects are taught by Mom , so you have to take care of math , physics , and chemistry .
Eh .
We know that , this , China is now making an effort to develop , this , a strategy like this to enhance its trade relations with the outside world , ah .
Mr. Zhu , how do you view China 's efforts to open up or establish such a free trade zone network in the past two years .
Now you have also begun playing the role of a communication bridge between the two of them .
In June of 2004 , the Shanxi Yongji Peasants Association was formally established ; it now has 3,800 members .
At 3:42 on July 28 , 1976 , a strong earthquake hit Tangshan .
Like many Heartland states , Iowa has had trouble keeping young people down on the farm or anywhere within state lines .
Finally this evening -- the auctioneers .
Good evening .
The chief prosecutor at the International War Crimes Tribunal has demanded the new Yugoslav President hand Slobodan Milosevic over to face trial for war crimes , but the U.S. , which has spent enormous amounts of time and energy fighting Milosevic , seems more willing to wait tonight .
-- has in the world , one in the Middle East is all too obvious , and as of is in broadcast tonight , the Clinton administration is not making much progress getting Palestinians and Israelis to lay off each other and talk about it .
Still in Asia , President Clinton signed a bill today granting China permanent normal trade relations .
You have a child in the service and the waiting is hell .
The explosion in Yemen did not help an already tense situation in the Middle East , but there is the very slightest hope tonight , because there 's word of a possible Israeli / Palestinian summit in Egypt in the next several days .
President Clinton is on his way to Egypt to attend tomorrow 's emergency summit .
And in Yemen , the investigation into the bombing that killed 17 U.S. sailors continues as 33 injured sailors returned home today to Norfolk , Virginia .
We 'll begin with the `` USS Cole . ''
Once again there 'll be two presidential candidates missing from the debate .
And now making hockey history --
In Yemen today , Navy divers cut through the deck of the `` USS Cole '' to remove the last four sailors who died in the attack .
As for the animals , when it comes to genetically engineered animals , the law 's having an even tougher time keeping pace with science .
The attack on the `` USS Cole '' in Yemen is being reassessed tonight .
Former Iranian hostage Terry Anderson and the families of seven other former hostages will soon begin receiving compensation for their suffering .
The government said today it 's going to cut back on the enormous number of people who descended on Yemen to investigate the attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
Now Mr. Gore .
In Africa , the capital of the Ivory Coast is being torn apart .
Well , big news in the money scope today .
Good evening , the United States is bringing most of its investigators home from Yemen .
There were a couple of indications earlier about how important Social Security has become as an issue in the presidential campaign .
Final think evening -- on this Halloween , witchcraft .
The Palestinian territories today , three Jewish settlers were killed by Palestinians .
President Clinton is off to Asia .
Overseas this evening , Arafat has made a public appeal to Palestinians to stop shooting at Israeli targets in the Palestinian territories .
In the Palestinian territories today , violence on violence again .
We 're going to take a closer look at one of the ways in which this unresolved election will have a consequence .
In the Palestinian territories today , four Palestinians were killed by Israeli soldiers and a motorist was shot by a sniper .
Two other elections of interest to many Americans -- in Israel , Ehud Barak facing a vote of no confidence has called national elections for May , which means another deadline for him to make an agreement with the Palestinians .
We 're going to take `` a closer look '' at the man who will be inaugurated tomorrow .
The shock waves rushed across the country .
In yesterday 's ruling from Florida 's Supreme Court , the chief justice warned recounting undervotes in the counties would cause `` confusion and disorder . ''
Israeli Prime Minister Barak says he will resign tomorrow .
In news overseas , at a United Nations environmental summit in Johannesburg , South Africa , representatives from 122 nations signed an agreement banning the use of 12 highly toxic chemicals .
American Mideast peace envoy Dennis Ross goes to Morocco this week for meetings with Palestinian President Yasser Arafat .
Also today in Norway , South Korean President Kim Dae jung was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
And finally tonight , to Russia , with interest and curiosity .
It will be a long time that it 's forgotten that Mr. Bush won this the way he did in the Supreme Court .
This week , Israel began opening its borders , just slightly , so that some Palestinians could go back to work .
The Bridgestone / Firestone Company today blamed a combination of factors for the flawed tires linked to more than 150 deaths .
Mr. Bush has yet to take office .
Some of the other news today --
Good evening .
In other news today , the annual Christmas migration is under way from every part of the country , and many other parts of the world .
In the Middle East , another setback in the peace process .
President Clinton played a supporting role today in New York City , where the first lady , Senator Clinton , was honored at Madison Square Garden .
President Clinton has reportedly approved a $ 12 million plan to give aid to Iraqi opposition groups .
But first to the serious business --
When the `` USS Cole '' was attacked last October and 17 sailors were killed , one of the sailors on board the `` USS Cole '' used his own camera to record some of the aftermath .
In Washington this was a day about beginnings , but it 's also one of farewells .
Off the coast of Ecuador , a U.S. Coast Guard team has arrived to help clean up the damage from a serious oil spill in the Galapagos Islands .
In the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador , the oil spill that threatens so many species of rare birds and animals is now the size of Los Angeles .
In space another chapter unfolding , the final chapter of what was once a shining symbol of the future , Russia 's failing space station Mir .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said today he will stop diplomatic contacts with Yasser Arafat until after the Israeli election on February .
Protesting Palestinians are being met with heavier firepower by the Israeli Army as violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip escalates , and as the tension grows , so does the death toll .
Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic is warning of the consequences of an opposition victory in an upcoming runoff election .
In Yugoslavia , at least six cities lost power today in an attempt by striking coal miners to get President Slobodan Milosevic to admit defeat in recent elections .
Canada is saying good-bye to a former leader .
Five years ago today , the O.J. Simpson trial ended with an acquittal .
Madeleine Albright is in Paris , hoping to end the crisis .
Researchers studied children under a age of 5 .
The U.S. government is warning American citizens living and traveling abroad to be on alert as violence continues in the Mideast .
Bloodshed continues in the Mideast in spite of Israeli efforts to prevent violence by sealing off Palestinian territories .
The Mariners can move on to the American League Champion SHN Series with a win over the White Sox this afternoon .
Thanks for joining us .
Israel withdrew its soldiers from a holy site in Jerusalem .
Here 's the latest on our top story today --
President Clinton has cancelled all of his plans for the day so he can stay in Washington and monitor developments in the Middle East .
Students at a middle school in Calaveras County , California , are getting an unwanted lesson in entomology .
Yugoslavians are waking up today to a new political landscape .
The new President of Yugoslavia is preparing to set up a new government .
Checking our top stories -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has reiterated his threat to take action against Palestinians if violence does not stop by Monday .
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin takes readers behind closed doors at the Kremlin in his new book .
Former NFL star Dan Marino is presiding as the grand marshal of the annual New York Columbus Day parade .
Hello from Atlanta .
A major turning point in U.S. - China relations .
Analysts ' downgrades in the semiconductor sector have sent chipmaker stocks plunging today .
Scattered clashes were reported between Palestinian protesters and Israeli troops in the West Bank and Gaza today , despite intense diplomatic efforts to stop that .
A leading Chinese pharmaceutical company will manufacture the Ru abortion pill for the U.S. market .
Yemen is again the site of a possible terrorist attack .
Violence is flaring again today in the Middle East .
The violence did continue Friday in the West Bank .
Yugoslavia 's new President , Vojislav Kostunica , is still having trouble consolidating his power .
Crew members injured in the explosion on the `` USS Cole '' are coming home today .
Experts say there 's no accurate or useful way to profile the personality of a child that might commit violent acts .
Our top story is a summit with a daunting task -- how to end Israeli - Palestinian violence that has killed 100 people in the last two weeks .
A memorial service is under way at the Norfolk Naval Air Station for the 17 U.S. sailors killed last week in the terrorist bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
New violence was reported in the West Bank and Gaza today , in spite of the U.S. - brokered cease - fire between Israel and the Palestinians .
Israeli intelligence agents have captured 16 Palestinians believed involved in the mob killings of two Israeli soldiers .
The Senate has overwhelmingly approved an agriculture spending bill that includes a provision to ease trade sanctions against China .
Violence in the West Bank and Gaza has claimed the lives of eight Palestinians today .
A one - time federal judge who has seen the law from both sides of the bench is now hoping to keep his job making laws .
The United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution criticizing Israel 's actions in the dispute .
The U.S. Navy is revising the timeline of last week 's attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
The weekly Republican radio address focused on energy and the economy .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is calling for an official `` timeout '' in peace talks with the Palestinians .
The bodies of the final four sailors recovered from the `` USS Cole '' are returning home today .
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is heading to North Korea today to meet with leader Kim Jong - il .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak told his Cabinet he would declare a `` time - out '' to re-evaluate the Mideast peace process , in light of recent events .
President Clinton is continuing his long - distance diplomatic efforts .
The bodies of the final four sailors recovered from the `` USS Cole '' returned home today .
The investigation into the bombing of the `` USS Cole '' is turning up new leads every day , but the identities of the culprits remain unknown .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has met with the opposition Likud Party leader to discuss forming a unity government .
The Chicago suburb of Arlington Heights is the first stop for George W. Bush today .
There were more clashes between Palestinians and Israeli troops in the Gaza Strip today .
Reformers in Yugoslavia got a significant boost today .
Lots of people go out for a jog to keep fit .
Thanks for joining us this morning .
George W. Bush is campaigning in the hotly contested Sunshine State today .
Secret new evidence has prompted another delay in the trial of two Libyans accused of bombing Pan Am Flight 103 .
Tanks are blocking a main thoroughfare in Gaza following a suicide bombing today .
Veekz have been placed in Yemen as U.S. investigators are staying as they search for clues of the `` USS Cole . ''
WorldCom posted a 26 % increase in its quarterly earnings , helped by strong international sales .
The Pentagon is urging U.S. military commanders to strengthen anti-terrorist measures in the wake of the `` USS Cole '' attack .
Microsoft confirms hackers broke into the company 's computer network and gained access to software code information .
In Yemen , U.S. investigators have been blocked from interviewing potential witnesses about the bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
The radical Palestinian group that hijacked the Achille Lauro cruise ship in 1985 , is declaring today that it will resume attacks against Israel .
Venezuela 's leftist President has awarded Fidel Castro the keys to the city of Caracas .
A new project encouraging rooftop gardens in Chicago is bringing new meaning to the term `` urban jungle . ''
In Moscow , the espionage trial of U.S. businessman Edmond Pope will be postponed for at least two days because of his health .
WorldCom hits Wall Street with two big announcements .
As the damaged `` USS Cole '' is being returned home on a salvage ship , CNN has learned C explosive was used to bomb the Navy destroyer .
Martha Stewart 's company officially known as Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia earned $ 3.8 million last quarter , more than double its profits a year ago , and the company says it 's comfortable at the high end of profit estimates for the current quarter as well .
Tommy Lee Jones may start chasing after an accused criminal once more .
Bush is in the toss - up state of Michigan , trying to turn the focus of the campaign back to the issues .
216 crew members from the bombed destroyer `` USS Cole '' got a hero 's welcome as they returned to the U.S. today .
The nation 's jobless rate is holding steady .
President Clinton has invited Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to a meeting in Washington .
Monday , President Clinton will approve $ 435 million to ease the debt burdens of some of the world 's poorest countries .
Yugoslavia is a step closer to ending its years of isolation and socialist power .
Duane Walker , `` CNN Headline Sports . ''
If the volatility of the stock market has you concerned about your investments , you may want to consider something designed to be a bit more stable .
Russian Navy officials have halted attempts to recover bodies from the sunken nuclear submarine , the `` Kursk . ''
The FBI is reportedly performing DNA test on human remains from last month 's bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is turning to Russia for help in ending the Mideast violence .
A United Nations special envoy is warning of a `` increasingly desperate '' situation for Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank .
The President of Yemen says the boat used in the attack on the `` USS Cole '' was bought in Saudi Arabia .
United Nations health officials say the infection rate for new AIDS cases has remained constant , but the death rate is up .
Former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell is in Tallahassee in support of the Gore campaign .
An agreement that was meant to lead to cooperation between Israeli and Palestinian security forces in the Mideast does not seem to be working .
Slobodan Milosevic is back in the public eye .
A United Nations conference on global warming has ended without a deal .
She 's a forty - something , but she just does n't age .
A United Nations report on AIDS finds the number of people infected with HIV worldwide is growing , but there 's a decrease of new cases in Sub-saharan Africa .
Hello , I 'm Kathleen Kennedy , sitting in for Chuck Roberts .
Al Gore left his residence at the Naval Observatory today to attend to his duties as Vice President at the White House .
Judges in the Netherlands are refusing to dismiss charges against one of two defendants in the Lockerbie bombing trial .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is proposing an interim peace deal with the Palestinians .
AIDS activists are observing World AIDS Day today in an effort to battle complacency and ignorance about what they call a global epidemic .
It will likely cost more money to fix the `` USS Cole '' than was first thought .
Americans are slowly finding out there are many health benefits associated with soy .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is rejecting calls for a quick settlement with Palestinians to end the outbreak of violence in the Middle East .
Israeli helicopter gunships opened fire on a Palestinian position in Bethlehem overnight .
Pepsi hopes to take Quaker Oats to a whole new level .
The United Nations is denying Iraqi claims that the two are in urgent talks to settle a dispute .
Al Gore 's favorability rating is slipping , and for the first time since he emerged as Bill Clinton 's running mate in 1992 , a majority of American adults now view him unfavorably .
Up to six people in Yemen could be tried for the deadly attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
It 's probably the most - watched vehicle since the O.J. Simpson chase , and now it can be yours , for enough money .
President Clinton has ordered a delay in what would have been the first federal execution in 37 years .
Senator Barbara Boxer of California is in Florida to support the undervote recount .
Russian President Vladimir Putin says he will pardon and release American businessman Edmond Pope .
In a move to force a special election , Ehud Barak has formally resigned as Prime Minister of Israel .
Yemen 's President says his country 's constitution wo n't allow any suspects in the bombing of the `` USS Cole '' to be extradited .
Israel 's Labor Party has named Ehud Barak its candidate for Prime Minister .
South Korean President Kim Dae - jung has accepted his Nobel Peace Prize .
President Clinton is holding separate meetings with rival political leaders in the Northern Ireland peace process .
Joining us today to put all of this in some kind of perspective is `` CNN Headline News '' ' political analyst Michele Mitchell .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is visiting Havana for talks with Cuban President Fidel Castro .
A survey on hunger finds requests from major cities for food and shelter rose this year , in spite of a healthy economy .
Midlevel Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are expected in Washington this week for separate consultations on the crisis in the Middle East .
The Federal Reserve considers interest rates , and some key economic reports come out this week .
Investors on Wall Street are waiting for the word from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on interest rates .
While much of the country is in a deep freeze , an annual report on the climate shows the United States has had its share of warm weather this year .
Major announcement from Israel today .
U.S. and Yemeni officials have released a photo of one of the suicide bombers killed in the attack on the `` USS Cole '' in the port of Aden October .
An electrical engineer in Australia is making the holidays brighter for thousands of people .
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is joining peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians .
The EPA has announced new rules to cut truck and bus pollution .
Some Canadian farmers are steamed at the United States .
The situation is much more pessimistic and tense half a world away , in the Middle East .
It 's Election Day in the Yugoslav republic of Serbia .
The travel rush is not the only thing some airline passengers are complaining about .
The first official parliamentary vote results in the Yugoslav republic of Serbia show President Vojislav Kostunica 's reform government winning in a landslide victory .
Jury selection is under way in the trial of four men accused in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Africa .
Russia is denying reports that it has moved short - range nuclear weapons to one of its military bases in the Baltics .
Pentagon sources tell CNN the commander of the `` USS Cole '' failed to implement basic measures to protect his crew .
Yesterday , hundreds gathered in the West Bank town of Hebron for the funeral of a Palestinian woman killed in her home by crossfire between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen , and in Gaza , a second funeral took place for a Palestinian man killed Friday night by Israeli troops .
A Pentagon official says Defense Secretary William Cohen may ask for a broader review of the `` USS Cole '' suicide bombing .
Polls in Israel suggest Prime Minister Ehud Barak faces an uphill battle in next month 's election .
The admiral reviewing the actions of the captain and crew of the `` USS Cole '' is recommending no punishment for the ship 's commander .
A double murder in Washington leads to an international search for the suspect .
President Clinton concedes a Mideast peace agreement before he leaves office is unlikely , but he says he will continue to try to narrow the differences between Israeli and Palestinian leaders in the last days of his administration .
In their closing arguments , defense lawyers in the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial are attacking prosecution theories about where the bomb came from .
Israeli and Palestinian representatives held the highest - level talks in months in Gaza yesterday .
In Cuba today , some people are viewing their past through the eyes of an American .
The Gaza Strip has been closed off .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators have postponed a meeting today in the wake of new violence .
WorldCom says it agreed to pay $ 88 million to settle a class - action lawsuit claim that it overcharged customers on long distance telephone calls .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and his top - level cabinet officials have accepted a Palestinian proposal for marathon peace negotiations in Egypt .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are beginning a new round of peace talks in Egypt , a session that could last ten days .
Yugoslavia 's incoming Interior Minister says he plans to put the country 's former President under 24 - hour surveillance .
Palestinian and Israeli negotiators are back at the bargaining table in Egypt , but there appears to be little confidence a Middle East peace deal can be brokered .
An oil spill off the coast of South America , along the Galapagos Island chain has clean - up crews scrambling to contain the spill and save rare wildlife .
The killing of two Israelis in the West Bank could spell trouble for the Mideast peace talks in Egypt .
A shift of winds is pushing an oil spill away from the Galapagos Islands and into the open sea , but the cleanup is far from over , as Robert Moore reports .
The U.S. Ambassador to Yemen is safe after a plane hijacking in Yemen .
A Russian cargo ship is heading for the doomed Mir space station to guide it back to Earth .
One of four men on trial in the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa is asking the judge to throw out his confession .
One of four men on trial in the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa is asking the judge to throw out his confession .
Ehud Barak is talking to his team today .
The countdown to the destruction of Russia 's Mir Space Station is under way .
Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon is denouncing the just - concluded Mideast peace talks as a campaign ploy by Prime Minister Ehud Barak .
Judges hearing the case against two men accused in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 are expected to announce this week when they 'll reach a verdict .
The search for a small plane that disappeared Sunday in Massachusetts has a bittersweet ending .
We are able to resupply , rearm and refuel very close to the area we were working in .
Central Command says it is investigating Iraqi allegations that U.S. attacks are to blame for hundreds of civilians casualties in Hillah .
The Associated Press is reporting that U.S. troops have launched an attack on Saddam International Airport , about nine miles from the Iraqi capital .
Saddam International Airport has become a battlefield .
We begin south of Baghdad , where U.S. troops have found what may be chemical weapons materials .
The struggle for power in a post-Saddam Iraq has begun .
Sharon Osbourne did not enjoy her meal at a Los Angeles restaurant last night .
His plight has been publicized worldwide , and tonight a 12 - year - old Iraqi boy who lost his arms during a missile attack is being treated at a hospital in Kuwait .
Seven former POWs are getting one step closer to home .
Major League Baseball sent its head of security to Chicago to review the second incident of an on - field fan attack in the last seven months .
In northern Iraq , U.S. Marines and residents exchanged gunfire in the city of Mosul today , in the second day of civil disturbances there .
Call him the Man With The Golden Guns .
Police in Pennsylvania say a student fatally shot a principal before killing himself this morning .
German police say a teenage Lebanese gunman , who hijacked a bus today , was hoping to free a key September 11th suspect .
An American astronaut and Russian cosmonaut are settling in at the International Space Station .
President Bush is pushing Congress to pass his $ 15 billion worldwide program for fighting AIDS .
24 hours after a coordinated series of suicide bombings in Saudi Arabia , the death toll is still rising .
Convicted Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols will stand trial again on state murder charges .
I 'm Alisha Davis .
Israel has experienced its fifth suicide bombing in three days .
5,400 sailors and Marines are back at home after serving in Iraq .
No one seems to be sure what 's happened to Saddam Hussein and his two sons , but one thing is becoming more clear -- Uday and Qusay were just as bad as their father if not worse .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas have postponed Wednesday 's planned meeting on the Mideast peace plan .
Good evening .
There was a time when offspring of London 's rich and famous were rolled through Hyde Park by black - clad nannies pushing Silver Cross prams .
The founder and former CEO of ImClone just learned the penalty for his role in the pharmaceutical company 's insider trading scandal .
Strange story coming out of Syracuse , New York , where a retired handyman admitted he held five women as sex slaves in an underground bunker over 15 years .
A pizza delivery helped police nab the suspect in the kidnapping of a 9 - year - old California girl .
And it 's a day in court for 16 of the suburban Chicago high school girls involved in a violent hazing incident last month .
Federal safety officials are trying to find out what caused a deadly boat accident off the Oregon coast .
How could so many people end up in prison for crimes they did n't commit ?
The Bush administration is officially endorsing the pro-democracy demonstrations in Iran .
A father in New York is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven - story apartment window .
A man in New York is facing attempted murder charges after allegedly throwing his baby seven stories to the ground below .
CNN has learned Osama Bin Laden sent a private letter to his followers in February , ordering them to attack the U.S. and its allies .
We begin tonight with a big story out of Iraq .
I just want to update you on Kofi Annan 's remarks .
It 's with Wednesday , March 5 2003 .
Welcome back .
Tens of thousands of college and high school students stage antiwar protests on campuses yesterday from coast to coast .
That her younger sister , Mary Katherine , was the one who went to her father and said , `` dad , I think I know who did this . ''
You 've heard the old saying , the best offense is a good defense ?
Back to something Kelly Wallace said .
We are watching activity in Baghdad .
On we go in the meantime .
For some Americans who find themselves spending hours on end watching television coverage of the war , it can be hard to break away .
Tens of thousands of additional U.S. troops are getting ready to join coalition forces fighting the war in Iraq .
Today 's battles include pictures of the oil field fires in southern Iraq .
Meanwhile , as war is fought a world away , federal , state and local authorities face their own battle keeping Americans safe at home .
An airport in Key West , Florida , today became the setting of what appeared to be a desperate attempt to enter the U.S. by a Cuban national .
Also ahead , the anatomy of a rescue .
Iraqi forces are overwhelmed and could soon collapse .
That is the very joyous town of Palestine , West Virginia , on the news that Jessica Lynch is eventually going to come home .
All right .
Bombardment of Baghdad continues tonight and over the past 20 minutes , explosions rocking Baghdad , central Baghdad southern Baghdad , the outskirts of Baghdad , and importantly , as the coalition forces , principally U.S. Army forces , move against Saddam Hussein International Airport -- which is about ten miles outside the center of Baghdad -- those explosions are intensified .
These are the latest developments in the war on Iraq .
Walt Rodgers , 3rd Cavalry says Iraqi missile hit operation center for 2nd Brigade 3rd Infantry Zrigs South Baghdad , at least four dead , two soldiers and two journalists .
Looking at like pictures of Air Force One now on the ground at a Royal Air Force base outside of Belfast , Northern Ireland , it 's called Aldergrove , just outside Belfast .
Welcome back in case you 're just tuning in .
A live picture of the President of United States landing at an air field in Northern Ireland .
Hamburg , Germany .
Journalists held a candle light vigil in Baghdad mourning the deaths of their colleagues .
2:58 a.m. , explosions reported around the Palestine Hotel where international journalists are staying .
An air force pilot is back at his base after a close call .
Now that Saddam Hussein 's regime has fallen is democracy the answer to Iraq and its people .
A Michigan teen who disappeared with a convicted killer and went on a three - week oddysey is in trouble with the law tonight .
We try to bring you the work of still photographers who are applying their trade in Iraq these days .
In were also big celebrations at Ft. Hood , Texas , home base to two other POWs , David Williams and Ronald Young .
We begin we will finish .
Spy to help free private Jessica Lynch .
Good evening .
The coroner examining the remains of two bodies recovered near San Francisco Bay yesterday was unable to determine the cause of death .
U.S. forces in Baghdad are staging spot raids around that city , searching for holdout members of Saddam 's regime .
For killing his wife and three children the oldest of whom was three , Christian Longo had been sentenced to die .
By U.S. forces and which appears to be run by members of the war began in Iraq several weeks ago .
Power being restored on a rolling basis throughout Baghdad today .
General Brooks talking about three major points .
In a moment , check in on the Pentagon and get the latest on the Iraqi prisoners of war .
6:03 a.m. Eastern time , seven Americans who had been prisoners of war in Iraq make a public appearance at the medical center in Germany .
Iraqi museum workers are starting to assess the damage to Iraq 's history .
American Airlines not out of the woods yet .
American Airlines may soon have a new destination as well , bankruptcy court .
I 'm Allan Chernoff at the New York Stock Exchange .
President Bush says Alan Greenspan should serve another term as Federal Reserve chairman .
If you watch `` Newsnight '' regularly and you do , do n't you ? you know that we are fans of still photographers and trying to bring their work in Iraq and tonight again , we do .
Meanwhile , the man in charge of putting Iraq 's government back together spent today in a stronghold of one of the country 's most important ethnic minorities the Kurds .
There is more outrage about perks for executives , both from angry employees and from shareholders as well .
A cruise ship is being searched off the Hawaii Coast after two notes threatening terrorist attack were found on board .
Some breaking news out of Fort Worth , Texas , tonight .
Two Southwest Airline pilots were reportedly fired for stripping down .
Tariq Aziz 's son Ziad looks worried .
The `` USS Abraham Lincoln , '' it 's a guided missile destroyer .
An international tourist in New York City did most of his sight seeing inside a hospital .
Another six executives from Enron could be charged with securities fraud and other crimes .
As Bob pointed out , the next battleground is a bill to block lawsuits by victims of gun violence or families against gunmakers and dealers , and one person whose suit would be blocked is Denise Johnson if the legislation goes through , the widow of bus driver Conrad Johnson , the last person killed in the Washington , D.C. sniper attacks .
The Palestinian crossroads that could lead to the relation in a new direction .
Coalition forces in Iraq have captured a member of a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda .
Another story in the 1:00 p.m. hour in Canada .
Colorado woman wants to thank and reward the person who found her $ 7,000 ring she lost at the beach .
Senators and a good teacher believes in the possibilities of every boy and girl .
It 's Wednesday , April 30 , 2003 .
Welcome back .
Letdownch at the helm came in on final to the `` USS Abraham Lincoln '' and landed hitting the fore wire , a safe trap .
When we come back , President Bush has not claimed victory in Iraq last night , but what about the tournament war on terror ?
And the growing number of SARS cases in China .
We have an update now on a dramatic story that people everywhere around the world are talking about .
Our founder here at CNN , Ted Turner , has sold more than half his stake in AOL Time Warner .
We 'll continue to watch this drama unfold off Key Largo in Florida .
He was called comic Albuquerque I or Baghdad Bob during the war in Iraq when he kept insisting things were going badly for the U.S. and great for Saddam Hussein .
Welcome to the second hour .
Plus The Matrix Unloaded .
Arthritis .
A former FBI informant accused of being a double agent has been indicted .
The Wizards may not want Jordan , but the head of the expansion team says Jordan could run operations there , if he wants to .
A national weeklong terror drill began in Seattle and an industrial lot in the city . strewn with smashed cars , buses and other debris representing the hypothetical damage from a fan that sized radioactive dirty bomb .
Another blast , a massive blast in northern Chechnya which killed 37 people and injured nearly 200 others .
The story of a woman in an East Texas jail cell tonight .
Right now , cast our eyes to the Middle East , getting word that a massive assembly of Shiite Muslims is now come together in Beirut , Lebanon .
There 's some shocking new information about the life of John F. Kennedy , both before and during his days in the White House .
As we told you at the top of this newscast , an Oklahoma judge has ruled that Terry Nichols will indeed stand trial in that state court on 160 counts of first - degree murder .
A bomb exploded today in a courtroom in southern Yemen , injuring four people , one of them a judge .
Several news organizations have filed for -- their reporters had with Scott Peterson .
Earlier we talked about a new book claiming that President John Kennedy had an affair with a White House intern early 1960s .
In today 's Daily News , a 60 - year - old woman acknowledges she was the 19 - year - old White House intern who slept with JFK .
We are back .
He went to scapegoat at breath - taking speed .
Judith Nathan will wake up tomorrow the wife of Rudy Giuliani .
A series of commercials people are not as fond of featuring Carrot Top as he pitches for one of the oldest and most revered corporations in the land , AT&T .
Night opens on the `` USS John C. Stennis . ''
Adrenaline is high on the flight deck of this carrier at war .
First an update on a long - running air safety investigation a year and a half near an airline crashed near New York 's Kennedy Airport there is controversy whether the disaster could have been averted .
More now on the Louisiana serial killings , and the arrest of the prime suspect , Derrick Lee Tee Lee W .
It 's been four years since the U.S. women 's soccer team made history winning the World Cup before more than 90,000 fans at the Rose Bowl .
Well , security is tight as Exxon Mobil shareholders meet today in Dallas .
President Bush heads to the G summit in France on Friday with victory over Saddam Hussein and in his pocket and a soaring approval rating by the American public , but do Europeans share the same enthusiasm for the President ?
A defense attorney calls it his worst nightmare .
Well , their 15 minutes on top of the world brought them 50 years of fame .
AOL Time Warner and Microsoft are burying the hatchet .
If you 're just starting your week , Good morning , once again .
Five motions are being heard today in the case of Lee Boyd Malvo , the teenage sniper suspect .
We 're coming up on 23 after the hour on what is shaping up to be a busy day here , but a joyous day for 5,000 sailors and Marines and friends and family in the San Diego , California area because the giant U.S. carrier Constellation is now returning home from the war in Iraq .
Let 's go live now to the launch of a rocket .
President Bush is going to be meeting with several Arab leaders .
And investigators in Taiwan raise more questions about the disintegration and crash of a China Airlines jet last May .
Martha Stewart is one of those stories that is in the news big time again .
That standing ovation that Sammy Sosa got at Wrigley Field last night .
All lumber , no filler .
Let 's look now at a potential rising star from the next generation in the sports realm .
The fire led to a massive lawsuit filed today by four survivors and the families of four victims .
Martha Stewart is n't the only corporate figurehead in the news today .
We begin tonight talking about the way the justice system deals with those accused or suspected of terrorism , and we 'll talk more about that in just a moment .
We now return to `` People in the News . ''
Up first , on `` CNN Live Today '' , sentencing this hour in the case of Sam Waksal , the man at the center of the Martha Stewart scandal .
It is 11:00 a.m. on the East Coast .
We 're following an important story that 's developed today in Gaza , two Israeli helicopter air strikes against Palestinian targets , Hamas targets in Gaza .
Bringing you up to date on a breaking story out of the Middle East .
You 're looking at Mars .
We are now hitting 33 after the hour this morning .
We 're getting breaking news to us , from Jerusalem .
Good evening , everyone .
Bob Novak 's here with the `` Inside Buzz . ''
Slaughter in Congo , with most of the world turning a blind eye .
The draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in Maryland is finished .
Welcome back to `` People in the News . ''
Reports showing a rebound in New York 's manufacturing sector is helping to fuel that optimism today .
The same part of the world , high winds , high seas , three fishermen rescued near Vancouver by a Royal Caribbean cruise ship .
And now joining us by phone from Liverpool with more on the Harry Potter heist is Caroline Forham , press officer with the Mersyside Police .
Seven minutes before the top of the hour .
See that graphic ?
In Michigan , a second straight night and into this morning , hundreds of people have been rioting in Benton Harbor .
The head of the Catholic Church in Phoenix , Arizona , Bishop Thomas O'Brien has resigned , just one day after being charged with a felony .
Well , sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the Catholic Church in the United States and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in St. Louis for their semiannual meeting .
A net worth of $ 300 million .
Welcome back .
Meanwhile , Islamic Jihad is claiming responsibility for a bombing today at a small Israeli grocery store in Israel , but near the West Bank board .
I 'm Rhonda Schaffler , live from the New York Stock Exchange , where stocks are stuck in reverse .
From the air , it looks like a big box of spilled matching and toothpicks .
It 'll be a busy weekend for Secretary Powell on the sidelines of the forum , members of the Middle East quartet meeting on Sunday .
Well , also in England , he 's rich , handsome , got millions of adoring fans , and today he celebrates a birthday , big 21 .
The NASA and the European Space Agency both launch missions to Mars this month sending rovers and ashters to probe the Red Planet .
How about the former mayor ?
Okay .
Let 's talk about Fidelity actually shifting some name brand funds into no loads .
We 're told the Russian President Vladimir Putin was greeted by Prince Charles as he arrived in London today .
Comes with someone involved in case of a 22 - year - old disabled woman in Florida .
So what do the Clintons , Ford and Arnold Schwarzenegger and the cast of `` Friends '' have in common ?
They 're calling it a one of a kind exhibit the rarest and most precious diamonds in the world on display starting tomorrow morning at a Smithsonian in Washington .
We begin with Strom Thurmond the man who set an endureance record for politics died last night in his hometown of Edgefield , South Carolina .
Services and tributes for two political figures who died this week .
And the pope will reportedly name a new head of the troubled Boston Archdiocese this week .
A wildfire in California forced hundreds of people from their homes .
And in Yugoslavia tonight , the most serious challenge to Slobodan Milosevic 's 13 - year rule .
That same storm system derailed a fundraisings trip from Bill Clinton , and for a brief time it made it impossible for the head of the free world to watch his Vice President debate on public television .
Good evening .
For a late update , live from the campaign trail we 're joined by NBC News correspondent Campbell Brown Ho who 's traveling with the Bush effort , and NBC News correspondent Chip Reid traveling with the Gore campaign in Kansas City Missouri .
New information to report tonight involving the attack on the USS Cole .
There are new terrorisms concerns to report in the Persian Gulf tonight .
Now to the terrorist bombing of the USS Cole .
It either says a lot about the '' getting elected in this country or both , but Jay Leno has become a campaign stop in this country .
S did indeed buy herself a Yankees cap and a $ 200 million house and the next senator from New York will be Hillary Clinton .
We are joined by the Reverend Jesse Jackson .
And good evening to you .
If you ask the Gore campaign , the fight is far from over .
We realize that many of the people joining us here tonight for this broadcast are doing so to try to get more information .
And we continue tonight to try to measure just how this story is playing overseas as we 'll be doing each night all week .
Finally tonight , humor as perspective , and for that , we depend on the staff and crew of `` Saturday Night Live '' who this weekend took on the deadlocked election .
Hold that thought , Dafpblet here 's the Secretary of State in Florida .
Let 's check in with the court where it 's the law enforcement watch .
Good evening .
Most Americans do n't yet have a really good picture of Laura Bush .
Late pictures into us during the commercial break .
We have an update tonight on this , the volcano in Mexico , they call El Popo .
Which leads us to NBC News `` in depth '' -- the Truth Squad , checking the facts .
In Canada today , they were mourning the death of one of that country 's most important and charismatic leaders , Pierre Elliot Trudeau .
At the Supreme Court tonight -- important questions about medical testing and privacy rights of individuals .
Time for `` Lifeline '' -- and fresh evidence tonight the kind of medical care you receive depends to a large degree on where you live , but maybe not for the reasons you 'recg .
Now to Yugoslavia , where a people 's revolt over the past few days has led to a dramatic change .
This was the week that the bottom halves of the Democrat and Republican tickets moved into the spotlight .
In Washington , U.S. officials are working overtime to find some way to defuse the volatile situation in the Middle East as the two sides attack each other .
We begin with the attack on the `` USS Cole '' with NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski at the Pentagon .
And the ripple effect from Bridgestone / Firestone 's tire troubles being felt across the country tonight .
Now `` The Truth Squad , '' a reality check on the candidates .
Meanwhile , the director of the FBI , Louis Freeh , is headed for Yemen to personally supervise the investigation into the attack on the `` USS Cole , '' and some progress is being made .
Tom , U.S. officials tonight are assessing new threats made against American warships in the Middle East .
At the same time tonight , American troops in the Persian Gulf remain on a very high state of alert as U.S. officials continue to worry about what they call a very specific terrorist threat .
Good evening .
From the Middle East tonight there 's word from Yemen that security has been beefed up around the hotel where Americans investigating the attack on the `` USS Cole '' are staying because of a truck bomb threat .
From Russia tonight , word of a shocking discovery from the wreckage of that Russian submarine .
The new democratic government of Yugoslavia was readmitted to the U.N. after being ostracized for eight years while under the rule of Slobodan Milosevic .
An emotional homecoming tonight for the surviving crew members of the `` USS Cole . ''
In Yemen tonightttt , four men are being questioned about their possible role in the attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
Now to the new face and shape of Congress .
There is other news tonight .
NBC 's Claire Shipman now with the Vice President 's day back in Washington .
While the two campaigns struggle over the outcome of the presidential election , tomorrow , in Washington , a high profile ceremony will be held on the Mall to mark the overdue beginning of a World War II memorial , but not even that moment is without controversy .
Vice President Gore and Governor Bush spent this day with their families , dispatching their deputies to score points on the Sunday morning interview shows .
NBC news `` in depth '' tonight -- air delays in a year that 's seen more than ever before .
And on Capitol Hill tonight , no signs that the close margins in Congress have mellowed Republican Majority Whip Tom DeLay .
Even with all the growth in online shopping in the past few years , this Christmas could be the last one for many dotcom retailers .
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight .
And yet another familiar face will grace `` the West Wing '' in the incoming Bush administration -- Mary Matalin , a former senior campaign aide to President - elect Bush 's father .
As one city digs out from record snow , `` In Depth '' tonight , dramatic new details of how the Texas Seven pulled off their great escape , the deepening mystery over the first American shot down in the Gulf War , could he be alive ? and `` The Fleecing of America . ''
Former President Bill Clinton spent a quiet Monday in New York City suburbs today , and if he 's at all unnerved about going from being the most powerful person on earth to puttering around in Chappaqua , New York , he 's not showing it .
From the Middle East tonight , word that there will be no meeting between Yasser Arafat and Ehud Barak before Israeli elections nine days from now .
Lebanese President Emile Lahoud demanded that the opposition voices who are calling for the overthrow of the Lebanese government demand the formation of a national unity government instead .
Ruling Opposition Coalition Parties Ahead Again in Mauritania .
Secretary General of the Arab League , Amr Moussa , again in Beirut .
Forty - four Iraqi civilians were killed and thirty - nine others were injured in a series of explosions and armed attacks in the capital , Baghdad .
Rafael Correa is the new President of Ecuador .
ah , ah , ah , I mean , stay with me Mr. Sa'ada ,
So , dear viewers , this is the press conference of Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil , political aide to Hezbollah 's Secretary General Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah .
Filipino officials said about four hundred people died in landslide resulting from Hurricane Durian , south of the capital , Manila .
He prolonged his visit by one day and broadened the scope of his meetings .
Welcome to you .
Iraqi - Iranian relations have never in the past reached a degree of complete stability , and perhaps this has been caused by many geographic , political and religious factors .
Palestinian Chief Negotiator Saeb Erekat confirmed that Palestinians are fully ready to negotiate a peaceful settlement with Israel , and that is after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's announcement of his readiness to withdraw from most of the Palestinian territories in return for peace .
In further evidence of the close and secret cooperation between India and Israel , Israeli fingerprints were obvious in the latest Indian experiment on the anti-ballistic missile defense system last Monday .
Welcome to you ah once again .
From Turkey ,
A visit that was not a surprise for Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa to Beirut .
Nicolas Sarkozy , the right - wing Interior Minister who is a candidate for the presidential elections , has begun paving his way to the Elysee Palace .
The Al - Omar company set up an automatic brick production factory in Suq Al - Shuyukh county .
As part of the plan of regional development in the Governorates , the road linking the area of Husseiniya in Karbala Governorate to the center of the city has been widened by two meters in order to absorb the congestion occurring on that road .
The Iraqi Drilling Company succeeded , uh , in drilling seventy - five productive wells in the south oil fields , two months before the final delivery date , in addition to continuing to drill a hundred other wells and implementing maintenance operations for a big portion of the wells .
The Cold War cost Latin America the lives of hundreds of thousands of people .
The surprise victory of the leftist candidate Rafael Correa in the run - off presidential elections in Ecuador recalled the rise of the leftist tide in many countries in the Latin American states region .
It became certain that Turkey 's accession to the European Union is not near after the European Commission recommended a partial freezing of the discussions between Ankara and the European Union .
After counting eighty percent of the votes , the Venezuelan people reelected President Hugo Chavez for a third six - year term , after he led , with sixty - one percent of the votes , his competitor Manuel Rosales , who received thirty - eight percent , in the presidential elections in Venezuela .
The Sharia Courts in Somalia announced that they are at war with Ethiopia , while fighting intensified between their forces and forces loyal to the government for the third day in a row .
Several days after the armed confrontations between supporters of the Fatah and Hamas movements and the multiple violations of the truce , Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh expressed the movement 's readiness to begin a dialogue to form a government according to Palestinian premises and conditions , in order to contain the confrontations in the Palestinian street .
Dozens of people were killed or injured yesterday in renewed fighting since Wednesday between the Islamic Courts and the Somali forces , near the town of Baidoa , the headquarters of the interim government 's institutions .
Body Placed In a White Coffin Carried On Palms .
Good morning and good day .
In the year 1874 Youssef Al - Suweiri was born in Ombliz .
No clear features have appeared yet for the Jordanian initiative seeking a way out of the crisis between the two sides of the Palestinian Authority and Abbas ' government , amid separation of positions , between the calls of President Mahmoud Abbas for early general elections and Hamas ' insistence on its refusal and the emphasis on a national unity government , while the realities in the field warn of destroying the fragile cease - fire .
And now the news details .
Welcome .
The Ministry of Education today issued the fifth pre-warning for studying abroad in 2006 .
A vast area of about 60 counties in the south of Jiangxi Province and the west of Fujian province was known as the base for the Central Revolution during the period of the Agrarian Revolutionary War , and it was also called the Central Soviet Area .
New Zealand Prime Minister Clark said on the fifth that the Fijian president had ordered the suspension of parliament that day and agreed to remove Prime Minister Qarase 's position .
It 's close to year end , and car manufacturers and dealers have one by one fired off their last round of price wars for this year .
Recently , ah , there have been figures indicating , eh , that nationally 4.13 million university students graduated in 2006 .
On the 5th , Italian inspection bodies in Milan formally indicted more than 20 American undercover agents to the court .
In order to raise money for charity for orphans in the SOS Children 's Villages , on the fifth , a pair of American sexagenarians set out from Texas aboard a helicopter to begin their second trip around the poles .
The Zhejiang Provincial Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision recently conducted a random inspection of the quality of plastic cutting boards .
Given Iran 's refusal to suspend its uranium enrichment activities , three countries -- France , Britain and Germany -- with the support of the United States , circulated a draft resolution on sanctions against Iran at the UN Security Council on the 8th , in which , it suggested a sanction against the 12 Iranians suspected of involvement in the nuclear program .
The Forum to Commemorate the Seventieth Anniversary of the Xi'an Incident was held today in Beijing .
Watching television while exchanging opinion and interacting with it -- this is very difficult to be achieved in an ordinary household .
The First Sino - U.S. strategic economic dialogue was convened at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 9 a.m. today .
On the thirteenth , the European Parliament passed new automobile emissions standards -- the Euro 5 and Euro 6 Standards .
Representatives from the 11 member states of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC were scheduled to convene a ministerial conference today in the Nigerian capital of Abuja .
Last year , a Beijing company was found guilty of buying and selling on speculation because it sold land on the moon .
At the request of the Huang family , the court conducted a judicial assessment of this will .
We not only need to carefully protect books and literature , but also should ensure that the natural environment is not destroyed .
Currently overseas , books , er , related to China invariably attract the attention of readers and professionals .
Looking at big news for Chinese people around the world , focusing on all the trends in life overseas .
On this day , Yamashita Park located in Yokohama 's Chinatown was exceptionally lively .
Ice Icicle has appeared in large areas of Turks River , Ili , Xinjiang , since last month .
Last Friday , Taipei District Court held the first trial in the court proceedings over the Executive Confidential fee case .
Let 's take a look at South Korea again .
A while ago we talked about the dispute that arose between five overseas students from mainland China and their college because they were not satisfied with the education and the refund procedures at Toronto Polytechnic Institute .
Let 's take another look at what comments other media have made on this session of six party talks .
At 9:30 in the morning of the twenty - second , the second session of the trial into the State Affairs Fund Case got underway .
For many overseas immigrants , becoming a citizen is a matter of great concern .
After a large quantity of the radioactive material polonium was detected in the body of former Russian agent Litvinenko , who died of poisoning , the British police conducted random dragnet investigations in areas related to Litvinenko , and as a result found polonium in 12 of these locations .
A major road accident occurred in the Meili District of Tainan on the 3rd , killing twenty - one people .
Fiji 's military commander Bainimarama , who launched a coup on the 5th , held a swear - in ceremony today in the capital Suva , appointing Jona , who has no political background , to be the prime minister of the interim government .
Early in the morning , Kuomintang candidate Hao Lung - bin was also accompanied by Party Chairman Ma Ying - Jeou , canvassing on the streets of Taipei where the votes of the Green Camp were concentrated .
In order to promote professional and technical personnel exchange across the strait , the Ministry of Personnel , the Ministry of Construction , and the Taiwan Affairs Office have jointly issued a notification on issues related to the authorization of Taiwan - area residents receiving qualifications as registered architects .
At 7:00AM of local time on the sixth , 8:00PM of Beijing time on the same day , the USA 's Iraq Study Group submitted to President Bush a policy report on Iraq which has been brewing for as long as six months .
In his speech , Wen Jiabao conducted a concrete mapping - out of primary objectives , tasks and important issues related to economic work next year .
The conference proposed that in positively carrying out economic work next year , the most important thing is to fully implement a concept of scientific development and to maintain steady and relatively rapid economic development , avoiding any big swings .
The US Iraq Study Group 's report on the 6th made 79 recommendations to the Bush administration on its Iraq policy .
Recently the issue of how to deal with the deposits for public transport cards in Shanghai has attracted widespread public attention .
Today , the State Cultural Relic Bureau made public the recently revised Provisional List of National World Heritage Sites .
Pope Benedict XVI and Orthodox spiritual leader Bartholomew signed a joint statement on Thursday that said the rights of ethnic minorities and groups must be protected as the European Union expands .
According to what the human rights organizations reveal , a Chinese scholar of the Chinese Academy of Social Studies , Lu Jianhua , who was involved in the case of Hong Kong senior reporter Ching Cheong , was secretly tried and sentenced to 20 years by the authorities .
On Monday , November 27 , Iraqi President Talabani went to Iran to meet with Iranian President Ahmadinejad .
South Korean President Roh Moo - hyun is currently on a formal three - day visit to Indonesia .
An article recently published by an international expert team in a scientific journal says the ebola virus may have resulted in the deaths of more than five thousand gorillas in West Africa .
Yet another Chinese reporter has been arrested .
In a report which will be submitted to Congress today , the U.S. Trade Representative 's Office indicates that the major reforms , which China has undertaken since its WTO entry in 2001 , have greatly benefited American enterprises and consumers .
The US - North Korean financial working group has ended its second session of discussions on the issue of financial sanctions .
Recently , er , Interpol , ah , has been focusing a lot of attention on , ah , this affair of North Korea , er , counterfeiting currency .
Yes , although a wide range of topics will be discussed at this NATO summit , general public attention will be focused on : first , NATO 's eastward expansion and its relations with Russia , and second , NATO 's strategy in expanding its functions and powers in the 21st century .
On Monday a large group of Hezbollah supporters continued to camp out in the center of the city for the fourth consecutive day , carrying out an indefinite sit - in demonstration .
Furthermore , the cross-party Iraq Study Group formed of former senior US political figures officially submitted a report on Iraq on Wednesday to US President Bush and Congress and also put forward ninety - seven recommendations .
Regarding the progress of the North Korea nuclear issue , uh , Korean Central News Agency released an editorial yesterday .
As for the Iranian problem , eh , Iran 's deputy foreign minister Mohammed said on Wednesday that his Ministry would conduct a two - day meeting beginning next Monday , and would discuss the scope of Germany 's massacre of Jews during World War II .
There are now new progresses in the investigation of murder of former Russian agent Litvinenko .
The UN Security Council , uh , has already reached consensus that it will vote on the draft resolution , uh , concerning the Iran nuclear issue on the morning of the 22nd of New York time , oh , that is , uh , today .
Yugoslav opposition leaders sharply criticized both the United States and Russia today as a general strike against President Slobodan Milosevic gained momentum across the country .
Opposition protests continue in Yugoslavia and President Slobodan Milosevic shows no signs of bowing to international pressure by stepping down .
A Moscow summit on Yugoslavia may be some way off as President Putin has arrived in India for a four - day visit .
More torrential rain in Southern Vietnam is hampering relief efforts for thousands of flood victims .
Two months ago , the Kursk , a Russian nuclear submarine went down in the Barents Sea during military exercises .
This is the World .
From BBC News in London , I am James Cawling for The World .
The announcement by Slobodan Milosevic that he concedes defeat in Yugoslavia 's presidential election has sent people rejoicing into the streets of Belgrade .
Family members and close allies of former President Slobodan Milosevic are leaving Yugoslavia ahead of possible investigations into their financial dealings .
Two leading allies of Slobodan Milosevic have resigned their government positions .
Up to 20 people have been killed in a massacre by Colombian Marxist guerillas .
One of the largest cases of alleged sexual abuse by a Catholic priest is being settled .
Two American professors will share this year 's Noble Prize in Economics .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service , PRI and WGBH in Boston .
From NPR News in Washington , I am Corey Flintoff .
An apparent attack on a US warship has left at least six American sailors dead and about 35 injured .
Elsewhere in the Middle East , officials from the FBI and the CIA and marine anti-terrorist specialists have arrived in Yemen to investigate yesterday 's explosion that crippled the US Navy destroyer , Cole .
Several Islamic groups are claiming responsibility for the attacks in Yemen on a US destroyer and the British embassy .
Israel is also confronting hostilities on its northern border , hostilities the Israeli government was hoping would end when it withdrew its troops from Southern Lebanon five months ago .
The President of Yemen Ali Abdullah Saleh has acknowledged the explosion that killed the 17 American sailors in Aden last week was deliberate .
The bodies of 2 more American sailors were recovered today from the USS Cole in the Yemeni port of Aden .
It has been two weeks since Vojislav Kostunica became Yugoslavia 's President and today he moved closer to consolidating his rule outside the orbit of Slobodan Milosevic .
This is The World .
This is The World , I am Lisa Mullins .
From BBC News in London , I am James Kowling for The World .
From NPR News in Washington , I 'm Anne Brazel .
The Navy has changed its account of the attack on the USS Cole in Yemen .
From BBC News in London , I 'm James Kowling for The World .
The results of a news survey show the support for South African President Thabo Mbeki is dropping .
From NPR News in Washington , I am Corey Flintoff .
For today 's musical closure , we meet a band that 's just recorded its own rendition of a pop hit made famous by Sarah McClauclin .
In the cold and wind whipped waters of the Barents Sea , divers are trying to raise the bodies of 118 sailors from the wrecked Kursk .
The United Nations World Food Program , WFP , says up to a million people in Afghanistan could die of starvation unless it receives more aid from donors .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak opened parliament today with only a minority government behind him , but with a promise of support that could keep his government operating for at least a month .
This is The World .
From BBC News in London , I 'm Gregor Cragy for The World .
You want tight harmony singing ?
Senior Israeli and Palestinian peace negotiators are both expected in Washington this week to discuss the situation in the Middle East .
From BBC News in London , I am Gregor Craigy for The World .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service PRI and WGBH in Boston .
Eight more people were killed today in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , four Palestinians and four Israelis .
In the West Bank and Gaza Strip Israeli soldiers shot and killed three Palestinians today as Israel tightened its blockade of Palestinian cities .
Neither candidate will be declared the President - elect until at least Friday .
If the United States has officially restored diplomatic relations with Yugoslavia , President Clinton announced the move during his visit to Vietnam , calling the changes in Yugoslavia remarkable , following the democratic election of President Vojislav Kostunica and the ouster of Slobodan Milosevic .
In a historic speech , President Clinton has addressed the people of Vietnam , urging them to work with Americans to heal the wounds of war .
Finally , Yasser Arafat has ordered Palestinians to stop shooting at Israeli targets from Palestinian controlled territory , but Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says words are not enough .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service , PRI and WGBH in Boston .
Israel has fired on offices of the Palestinian Authority injuring 62 people .
The Palestinian faction headed by Yasser Arafat said today that , it will avenge the deaths of four of its members who were killed today by Israeli soldiers .
In China a campaign against fake goods has netted 43 million dollars of counterfeit products over the past month .
GOP vice - presidential nominee Dick Cheney celebrated Thanksgiving in a Washington D.C. hospital where he is recovering from what doctors said was a mild heart attack .
In New Delhi today , Indians like Americans are consuming their favorite traditional foods , roties , dal and increasingly burgers and fries .
The Israeli and Palestinian leaders have spoken by telephone in a new effort to try to stem the ongoing violence in the Middle East .
Documented .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said today that he is willing to hold early elections and the decision comes as Barak 's popularity is sinking in the polls after two months of violent conflict with Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak will call early elections .
This is The World .
The UN is warning millions of people face starvation in North Korea unless foreign aid is dramatically increased .
I have a number of suggestions to help you through your national crisis over who should be the next President .
This is The World , I am Lisa Mullins .
From BBC News in London , I am Gregor Cragy for The World .
A Chinese cancer patient has become something of a celebrity .
In Miami today the trial of five men accused of being spies for Fidel Castro got underway .
American businessman Edmund Pope today formally asked Russian President Vladimir Putin for a pardon .
President Clinton departs Monday for Ireland , Northern Ireland and England .
The Israeli Army has imposed a complete blockade of the part of the West Bank under the control of the Palestinian Authority .
And so the Supreme Court is about to decide a case that will probably determine who becomes the next President .
The political maneuvering going on in Israel could put us to shame .
President Clinton was back in Ireland today during the first leg of a 3 - day trip that will also take him to Belfast and London .
In Yugoslavia today , a Belgrade court indited six members of electoral commissions on charges that they abused their official functions .
Meanwhile , the man Vojislav Kostunica replaced , Slobodan Milosevic seems to be moving back onto the public stage .
Meanwhile , Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are due in Washington to discuss a possible resumption of their peace negotiations .
The UN Security Council has agreed to impose further sanctions against the Taliban administration in Afghanistan .
From NPR News in Washington , I am Corey Flintoff .
If Saddam Hussein was America 's public enemy number one in the early nineties he lost the dubious distinction to Slobodan Milosevic in the latter part of the decade .
Not a whole lot happens in Dornoch , but tomorrow the small Scottish town will be the center of the universe .
President Clinton is scheduled to meet with Israeli and Palestinian negotiators tomorrow to assess how the peace talks are going .
The Mid East peace talks in Washington reportedly took a turn for the worse today .
President Clinton is due to meet Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in Washington tomorrow .
Meanwhile , more violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip has resulted in at least four more deaths .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak and President Mubarak of Egypt are going to meet in Cairo on Thursday .
From BBC News in London , I 'm James Cowling for The World .
This week a court in New York began selecting the jury for the trial of 4 men charged with killing the 12 Americans who died in the bombings of the United States ' embassies in Kenya and Tanzania two years ago .
Lawyers for the two Libyans charged with the Lockerbie airliner bombing say they will call no further witnesses , abruptly ending testimony in the trial .
This is The World .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service , PRI , and WGBH in Boston .
This is BBC News for The World .
The Gulf War began 10 years ago tonight and ended 6 weeks later with a decisive US victory over Iraq , but little has changed since then .
Peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians have resumed in the Egyptian resort of Taba , two days after the government in Jerusalem suspended them following the killing of two Israelis in the West Bank , but Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak has given up hope for a peace deal before next month 's elections and there seems to be no end to the violence on the ground .
Want another advantage of hydrogen over oil ?
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar has offered to mediate the latest violence in the Middle East .
President Clinton urged Congress Monday to approve 435 million dollars to cut the debt of the world 's poorest countries .
The head of the United Nations Refugee Agency Sadaqal O'Gatta has warned that the agency will become critically weakened unless it receives increased funding .
It 's time now to look at professional soccer and rugby and how it can be bad for a player 's health .
Monday , Israeli forces began using helicopter gun ships against Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip who were armed with stones and automatic weapons .
Serbia remains tense today in the wake of a massive civil disobedience campaign begun Monday to force President Slobodan Milosevic to concede election defeat .
Judges at the Flight 103 Lockerbie trial are expected to rule Thursday if a diary belonging to one of the accused can be used as evidence .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak have made progress to end weeklong violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
I 'm Dave Deforest , VOA News .
President Clinton says he hopes his talks with the top North Korean envoy here in Washington next week will help promote reconciliation with Pyong Yang .
Welcome to another hour of news and information on The Voice of America .
Well Dave , tens of thousands of Serbs have taken to the streets and towns and cities throughout Yugoslavia to celebrate as President - elect Vojislav Kostunica prepares to take office .
Israeli police have reclaimed control over the site of the Al - Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem .
The United Nations says nearly two million people in the Democratic Republic of Congo are at risk of starvation .
President Clinton says he hopes his talks with the top North Korean envoy here in Washington next week will help promote reconciliation with Pyongyang .
Ecuador 's economy is showing strong improvement .
A popular uprising helped bring him to the Yugoslav presidency just a few days ago , but now Vojislav Kostunica faces the daunting challenge of solidifying power and ending the country 's economic isolation .
01:45 Universal Time .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan is traveling to Lebanon today in a bid to secure the release of three abducted Israeli soldiers .
President Clinton has met with the highest - ranking North Korean official ever to visit the United States .
One other Major League baseball manager is now looking for a new team to lead .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan appealed to Israel and the Palestinians Tuesday to get back to the bargaining table .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
A Chinese writer who was once forced to burn his writings to save himself from Communist zealots has won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Here in the United States county workers in Los Angeles , California have returned to their jobs as union negotiators continue contract talks with local officials .
Right now let 's get an update on the latest world news from VOA 's Dave Deforest .
President Clinton has lifted oil and travel sanctions against Yugoslavia as the Balkan country 's new leader says he is ready to resume diplomatic ties with Washington .
Thirty - three US sailors injured in a deadly blast that left the USS Cole crippled in Yemen seaport Aden have come home .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
The US Senate has passed the bill allowing food and medicine sales to Cuba potentially easing 40 - year - old trade sanctions against the Communist ruled island .
Thank you very much , Dave .
The US Navy has issued a revised timetable of events leading to last week 's deadly bombing of the destroyer USS Cole in the Yemeni port of Aden .
Welcome to another hour of news and information on The Voice of America .
President Clinton and the Democratic presidential candidate were among thousands of mourners who gathered in Missouri at a memorial service for Democratic Governor Mel Carnahan who died Monday in a plane crash .
The US Navy now says the USS Cole was being refueled when an explosion ripped through it in Yemen last week , killing 17 .
The death toll in Colombia from three days of heavy fighting between soldiers and rebels there now stands at more than 100 .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
US officials say the crippled US Navy destroyer Cole is ready to be moved out of Aden back to its homeport of Norfolk , Virginian .
Thank you and Goodday .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has nominated former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers as the new UN High Commissioner for Refugees .
United Nation 's Secretary General Kofi Annan Wednesday announced two high level appointments .
Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has issued an order confining all military and police to their barracks .
Cuban President Fidel Castro is scheduled to arrive in Venezuela Thursday to begin a five day visit at the invitation of President Hugo Chavez .
There are fears in Israel of a renewed suicide bombing campaign following a suicide bicycle attack against an Israeli military post in the Gaza Strip .
And right now let 's get the latest world news .
In the Gaza Strip Thursday , a young Palestinian on a bicycle wearing a black bag stuffed with explosives rammed an Israeli Army bunker killing himself and wounding one Israeli soldier .
In Yemen , a bomb threat has forced the tightening of security at the hotel housing US investigators probing the attack on the USS Cole .
And at one forty - five Universal time you are listening to the Voice of America .
I 'm David Deforest , VOA News .
Voters in strife - torn Colombia go to the polls today in local elections in the midst of a wave of violence directed by armed groups of the left and the right against many of the candidates .
President Clinton has signed into law a bill allowing US exports of food and medicine to Cuba .
Dave , at least 50 people have been wounded in violence during funerals in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Let 's go to Russia right now Joe , where Vladimir Putin who still remains something of an enigmatic presence in the Russian political scene since he took office at the beginning of the year 2000 , is apparently under siege yet again by revelations that the Russians might possibly have been able to rescue those trapped sailors in the Kursk submarine because some of them evidently survived and it 's apparent that the Russian military suppressed information about what had happened or even distorted it , and was singularly slow in taking up offers of assistance from the Norwegians and the British to help .
In the Barent Sea , divers recovered more bodies , Sunday from the undersea wreckage of the Russian submarine Kursk .
The battered US Navy destroyer Cole has begun its journey home from Yemen , 17 days after a suspected terrorist bomb tore a gapping hole in its side .
Local elections took place peacefully across Colombia on Sunday despite violence that had marred the run - up to the elections .
Welcome to another hour of news and information on The Voice of America .
Major League baseball 's National League champion New York Mets fortified their teams ' leadership on Tuesday by resigning Manager Bobby Valentine and General Manager Steve Phillips .
